"WATCH (Indian subcontinent only): Shardul Thakur dismisses Glenn Maxwell with a slower ball Zampa to Iyer, SIX runs a no-look slog wayyyyy over deep midwicket! Full and sliding onto his front leg. He gets to the pitch, watches the ball onto the bat and continues to watch that spot as his perfect bat swing sends this a long way Sams to Hardik, SIX runs slogs it well over deep midwicket! Full and angled into the arc once again from around the wicket. He set up for it, picked that it was back of the hand, and swung cleanly through it. Wins India the series 11:08pm And that is all from our coverage of the second match. Good night, and catch you soon! India won by 6 wickets (with 2 balls remaining) Player of the match is Hardik Pandya, INDIA"

"Toss, 7.00 pm MS Dhoni tosses the coin. Steven Smith calls tails and wins. Australia will bat first. He says he thinks the pitch might slow up later in the day, but he isn't sure. It is the same pitch that was used for the women's game between India and West Indies earlier today. Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs massive! Finch moves outside leg and comes forward to slam a full ball far over the long-on boundary, that was hit beautifully Ashwin to Finch, SIX runs this one isn't as beautiful but it's good enough to beat the leaping fielder on the edge of the long-on boundary! Finch gave it everything again, but did not connect as well as the previous one Ashwin to Finch, 5 wide that is so wide outside leg stump, Dhoni has no chance, and short fine leg can't stop it either! Five extras to the total Ashwin to Finch, 1 wide what is with this line? Extremely wide down leg again, this time Dhoni was wise enough to move early Nehra to Khawaja, OUT caught behind and the crowd roars for the first time in this game! Khawaja drove hard at a good length ball that shaped away from him from around off stump and got a thick edge through to Dhoni. India have their first wicket. That ball flew rapidly to the keeper. Ashwin to Warner, OUT stumped! Warner skipped down the track but could not get to the pitch of the delivery, perhaps he came forward too early and Ashwin shortened his length and slowed the pace down too. The ball spun away from the left-hander and beat Warner's helpless prod. Dhoni did the rest Yuvraj to Smith, OUT and he has struck first ball!!! An incredible turn of events. That is his first ball of the tournament. He fired it in quick from around the wicket and got the ball to bounce a bit away from the right-hander, Smith stayed back and wafted at the ball. Dhoni went up rightaway, but Smith looked unhappy. I'll wait for replays to Hardik to Finch, OUT short again, pulls again and this Pandya wins the contest! Finch seemed to be hurried for time as he swung across the line and mis-timed it to Dhawan at deep midwicket, that was taken well inside the boundary Bumrah to Maxwell, OUT bowled him with the slower ball! Maxwell heaved across the line so, so early that he was almost through the shot before the ball arrived. He had backed away towards leg to make a bit of room too. Bumrah clipped the top of off stump. Jadeja to Watson, 1 wide bowled down leg side again to concede another wide, Watson misses the slog sweep Hardik to Faulkner, OUT caught at long on! It's a good length ball that does not come on to the bat, Faulkner makes room and slogs, but mis-times the ball straight to Kohli in the deep. Will Australia get to 150? Coulter-Nile to S Dhawan, OUT caught at short fine leg! Coulter-Nile bangs in the heavy bouncer, it rises at pace on Dhawan who hooks but top edges into the air behind the keeper and to short fine leg's left. Khawaja takes a while to settle under the ball but holds the catch safely in the end Faulkner to Kohli, SIX runs they go berserk as the ball sails over the wide long-off boundary! Kohli steps out of his crease and lofts the short of a length ball through the line, it didn't look like he timed that perfectly but the ball carries over the boundary rider 10.58 pm They are still chanting his name in the stands, I can hear fireworks go off outside my window. India are in the semi-finals and will play West Indies, the only team from the subcontinent to make it to the final four. And it is all thanks to Kohli. Did Smith make a mistake giving Kohli the chase? He is a surreal performer when faced with a tar India won by 6 wickets (with 5 balls remaining) Player of the match is Virat Kohli, INDIA"